docs(truncate): add usage documentation (#768)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/truncate/index.mdx

      fileAbsolutePath
      frontmatter {
        slug
        title
      }
      headings {
        depth
        value
      }
    }
  }
`;

<ComponentHeader
  name={props.pageContext.frontmatter.title}
  categoryRoute={SidebarCategoryRoutes.COMPONENTS}
  githubUrl="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/tree/main/packages/paste-core/components/truncate"
  storybookUrl="https://twilio-labs.github.io/paste/?path=/story/components-truncate--default"
  data={props.data.allPasteComponent.edges}
/>

---

<contentwrapper>

<PageAside data={props.data.mdx} />

<content>

## Guidelines

### About Truncate

Truncation, or shortening, is typically used for text or links that exceed the size of their container.
The Truncate component does all of the heavy lifting for you. You'll need to wrap the long
text with Truncate, and wrap the Truncate component with an element with a set width. This will cut off the text based on
the parent container's width, and append an ellipsis (`...`) at the end.

Good use cases for truncation include:

- Breadcrumbs
- Long URL links

Truncation should <strong>NOT</strong> be used on page headers, titles, labels, error messages, validation messages,

> notifications, or SIDs.

Reviewer: To prevent the obvious question coming in you need to clearly state that truncation can only happen on single lines of text and will never work on multiple lines. Multiline needs to be controlled with JavaScript and string trimming

Author: Good call. Added.

export const pageQuery = graphql`
  {
    allPasteComponent(filter: {name: {eq: "@twilio-paste/truncate"}}) {
      edges {
        node {
          name
          description
          status
          version
        }
      }
    }
    mdx(fields: {slug: {eq: "/truncate/"}}) {
      fileAbsolutePath
      frontmatter {
        slug
        title
      }
      headings {
        depth
        value
      }
    }
  }
`;

<ComponentHeader
  name={props.pageContext.frontmatter.title}
  categoryRoute={SidebarCategoryRoutes.COMPONENTS}
  githubUrl="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/tree/main/packages/paste-core/components/truncate"
  storybookUrl="https://twilio-labs.github.io/paste/?path=/story/components-truncate--default"
  data={props.data.allPasteComponent.edges}
/>

---

<contentwrapper>

<PageAside data={props.data.mdx} />

<content>

## Guidelines

### About Truncate

Truncation, or shortening, is typically used for text or links that exceed the size of their container.
The Truncate component does all of the heaving lifting for you. You just need to wrap the long
text with the component, and an element with a set width. This will add cut off the text based on

> the parent containers width, and append an ellipsis `...` at the end.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the parent container's width, and append an ellipsis (`...`) at the end.
```

Good use cases for truncation include:

- Breadcrumbs
- Long URL links
- Long item names

> - Long account numbers

Reviewer 2: I'd actually remove both these since users may actually need to reference these, and they shouldn't be truncated thoughtlessly. Account numbers usually need to be easily copy-able so they shouldn't be truncated.

<Callout variant="warning">
  <CalloutText>
    Truncation should <strong>NOT</strong> be used on page headers, titles, labels, error messages, validation messages,

>     or notifications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    notifications, or SIDs.
```

  </CalloutText>

> </Callout>

Reviewer 2: This doesn't need to be in a callout imo

#### Accessibility

By default, Truncate has no accessibility concerns. While using Truncate, it is up to you to manage the resulting

> accessibility implications. You may want to consider how the Truncate affects readability due to shortening of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
accessibility implications. You may want to consider how Truncate affects readability since it will visually hide
```

information on your page.

## Examples

### Basic Truncate

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    Truncate,
    Box,
    Text,
  }}
>
  {`<Box maxWidth="size30">
  <Text as="p">
    <Truncate>Black Lives Matter. We stand with the Black community.</Truncate>
  </Text>
</Box>`}
</LivePreview>

### Truncate URL

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    Truncate,
    Anchor,
    Box,
  }}
>
  {`<Box maxWidth="size30">
  <Anchor href="/getting-started/about-paste">
    <Truncate>https://paste.twilio.design/getting-started/about-paste</Truncate>
  </Anchor>
</Box>`}
</LivePreview>

<Callout variant="warning">
  <CalloutTitle>🚨Don't forget the container element 🚨</CalloutTitle>
  <CalloutText>
    Truncate must be used in a container with a set width. Without this container Truncate will have no effect since it
    spans the full width of a container.
  </CalloutText>

> </Callout>

Reviewer 2: This can prob be regular text not in a callout, and moved to the "Basic Truncate" section.

<DoDont>

>   <Do title="Do" body="Use to shorten text that doesn't fit in its parent container">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <Do title="Do" body="Use Truncate to shorten text that doesn't fit in its parent container">
```

    <Box maxWidth="size20" padding="space60">
      <Text as="p">
        <Truncate>Some very long text to truncate</Truncate>
      </Text>
    </Box>
  </Do>
  <Dont
    title="Don't"

>     body="Use to shorten page headings, titles, labels, error messages, validation messages,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    body="Don't use Truncate to shorten page headings, titles, labels, error messages, validation messages,
```

    or notifications"
  >
    <Box maxWidth="size20" padding="space60">
      <Heading as="h3" variant="heading30">
        <Truncate>A very important long page heading</Truncate>

>       </Heading>

Reviewer 2: Might be more impactful to show this as an Alert, so it's more immediately obvious why truncate shouldn't be used in these cases.
